{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh14640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Commands to run the dedalus simulations:\
mpiexec -n 4 python3 simulation.py      \
python3 plot_scalars.py scalars/*.h5\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 python3 plot_snapshots.py snapshots/*.h5\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Ideas to try.\
July 9, 2025: When Keaton and I run simulations, we see instantaneous growth of M and then eventual decay. In these simulations, the velocity field is being updated at each time-step. I believe the problem is the growth of the bandwidth. The optimal velocity field has double the band-width of the B field, and the induction equation steadily increases the band-width of the B field. My hypothesis is that we need to suppress higher wave numbers. I have a few ideas:\
1. Insert hyper-diffusion into the induction equation to suppress high wavenumber growth.\
2. Modify the code to monitor  the kinetic energy and enstrophy of the flow separately. Perhaps the enstrophy to energy ratio is so high that normalizing the total norm scales the flow down to small magnitude. Then magnetic diffusion just takes over.\
3. Try to run the code with w=1, i.e. no enstrophy constraint, just to see what happens.\
\
Ask Keaton\
1. Does Dedalus have exponential integrators? i.e. linear propagator method?\
2. Can we apply an exponential filter in spectral space? Is that easy?\
\
\
\
To do\
1. Construct a basic 2.5d flow with helicity. Question: does sign of helicity control the orientation of the dipole of B-field, assuming this gives growth of a B-field. If so, it might imply that reversal of helicity in the convective fluid controls the reversal of the B-field.\
2. Related to 1 above, I should work out the basic form of a dipole B-field, maybe with a quadrupole too, and project onto a few low Fourier modes so I have a basic Fourier representation of a dipole field. Then find the optimal u that goes with this field.}